Remove content about scheduling query from readme (#212)
GoogleCloudPlatform/fourkeys: README.md

The scripts consider some events to be “changes”, “deploys”, and “incidents.” You may want to reclassify one or more of these events, for example, if you want to use a label for your incidents other than “incident.” To reclassify one of the events in the table, no changes are required on the architecture or code of the project.

> 1.  Update the generated query in BigQuery for the following tables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Update the view in BigQuery for the following tables:
```

    *   `four_keys.changes`
    *   `four_keys.deployments`
    *   `four_keys.incidents`

>     To update the generated query, we recommend that you update the `sql` files in the `queries` folder, rather than in the BigQuery UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To update the view, we recommend that you update the `sql` files in the `queries` folder, rather than in the BigQuery UI.
```

> 1.  Once you've edited the SQL, run the `terraform apply` to update the generated query that populates the table.  For example, if you wanted to update the `four_keys.changes` table, you'd run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Once you've edited the SQL, run `terraform apply` to update the generated query that populates the table:
```

    ```sh 

>     cd ./setup && terraform apply

Reviewer 2: I tested this and can confirm there were no side-effects
